Command Policy

Q: What regulation covers the Army Command Policy?
A: AR 600-20

Q: What is "command"?
A: Command is the authority that a commander in the armed forces lawfully exercises over subordinates by virtue of rank

Q: What are the key elements of command? 
A: Authority and Responsibility

Q: Where is formal authority for command derived?
A: Formal authority is derived from policies, procedures, and precedents

Q: How do leaders earn the loyalty of their soldiers?
A: Leaders must show loyalty to their soldiers first
 
Q: When does a unit develop a positive command climate?
A: A positive command climate develops when leaders consider their soldiers' needs and care for thei well=being and show genuine concern for them
 
Q: How does AR 600-20 define "duty"?
A: Duty refers to obedient and disciplined performance

Q: All relationships between soldiers of a different grade are prhibited under what circumstances?
A: Compromise authority, creates unfairness, includes using grade for personal gain, percieved as coercive in nature,


Q: Why is it important to have a sense of duty?
A: Soldiers with a sense of duty will accomplish tasks, seize opportunities, and accept respoinsibility.

Q: why do commanders stress the proper use of communication?
A: Effetive communication between seniors and subordinates ais crucial to proper functioning of all units

Q: what is the optimum length of command for compoany and filed grad leve commanders?
A: Company level: 12-24 months, Field grade: 24-36 months

Q: What is the order of criteria unsed to determine seniority of enlisted members?
A: By date of rank, length of active deferal service in the army, length of total afs, by date of birth

Q: What does military dicipline encompass
A: military deiscipline is founded upon self discipline, respect for authority, and suporting individuals values.

Q: what is hazing?
A: hazing is any coduct whereby one military member or employee suiffers or be exposed to an active that is cuel, abusive, opperssive, or harmful 

Q:
A:

Q:
A: