Q: 
What regulation covers Family Support?

A: 
AR 608-99

Q: 
What does army family support regulate?

A: Army family support set forth department of the army policy, responsibilities, and procedures on financial suport of family members, child custody and visitation, paternity, and compliance with court orders regarding these related matters.

Q: If a soldier is seperated from their spouse and they are not receiving BAH, do they still have an obligation to provide financial support?

A: Yes

Q: What are a soldier's obligations under AR 608-99?

A: A) Provide adequate and continuous support for family members. B) Comply with separation agreements, court orders, and judicial orders or decrees. C) Meet financial obligations promptly.

Q: Can a soldier manage funancial support without command involvement?

A: Yes. A soldier and their family can manage the financial suport without command involvement. These arrangementss may include join checking accounts or voluntary allotments to the family. The commander must become invovlved when the parties are unable to agree.
 
Q: In the absense of court order, does a male soldier identified as the father of a child have to pay child support if the child was born out of wedlock?

A: No. A Male soldier identified as a father of a child does not have to pay child support if the child was born out of weblock in the absense of a court order.

Q: What are the ways family members can enforce court orders requiring financial suport from soldiers?

A: Garnishment of wages, and involuntary allotment for child support and alimony

Q: What are the different types of financial support by agreement?

A: Oral financial support by agreement, and written financial support by agreement

Q: What is the preferred method of providing financial support to a family members not residing with the soldier>

A: A voluntary allotment

Q: If there is no court order, does a soldier have to pay child support for children living in on-post housing?

A: In the absense of a court order, the Soldier does not have to pay child support for children living on-post

Q: What commander may authorize release from select portions of this regulation?

A: Battalion Commander.

