NCOER

Q: What publication discusses NCOERs?
A: AR 623-3

Q: When must the NCOER reach HRC?
A: No later than 90 days after the "Thru date"

Q: What does the NCOER Identify for the army?
A: It identifies soldiers who are best qualified for promotion and greater responsibility.

Q: What do performance evaluations focus on?
A: Performace and Potential

Q: What form is the NCOER recorded on?
A: 2166-9-1 (SGT/Direct), DA Form 2166-9-2(SSG-1SG/MSG/Organizational), and DA Form 2166-9-3(CSM/SGM/Strategic)

Q: What is the new NCOER support form?
A: DA 2166-9-1a

Q: When will NCO initial counselings be completed?
A: within 30 days after the rating period.

Q: How often will NCOs be counseled thereafter?
A: Quarterly 

Q: What will an NCO's rating chain consist of?
A: The rated NCO, The rater, The senior rater, and reviewer
 
Q: How have rating chain responsibilities changed in the new NCOER?
A: Rater assess performance, senior rater assess potential, supplementary reviewer, as reqiured.

Q: What is the minimum amount of time the rater must be in the NCO's rating chain?
A: A minimum of 90 days

Q: What is the minimum amount of time a senior rater must be in the NCO's rating chain?
A: A minimum of 60 days

Q: What is the minimum amount of time the reviewer must be in the NCO's rating chain?
A: There is no minimum amount of time for the reviewer

Q: Who is the last person in the rating chain to sign the DA 2166-9 series form, NCO Evaluation report?
A: The rated NCO

Q: What is the soonest an NCOER can be sent to the Headquarters-Department of the Army (HQDA)
A: The "Thru date" on the NCOER

Q: What is the time limit for the NCOER to reach HQDA?
A: No later than 90 days after the "Thru date"

Q: How many parts does the NCOER have?
A: NCOER has 4 parts

Q: What are the performance measures on the NCOER?
A: Far exceeded standard, exceeded standard, met standard, did not meet standard.

Q: What are the parts of the new NCOER?
A: Part1) Administrative data, Part2) authentication, Part3) Duty description, Part4) Performance evaluation, professionalism, attributes, and competencies. Part5) Senior rater overall potential

Q: What are mandatory NCOER's?
A: (90days) Change of rater, annual, extended annual, change of duty, temporary dudty, special duty, or TCS. 

Q: What are optional NCOERs?
A: Complete the record. senior-rater option, 60 day option

Q: What are the two basic types of NCOERs?
A: Mandatory and optional
 
